README Typo Fixes (#11782)
jellyfin/jellyfin: README.md

As Jellyfin will run on a container on a github hosted server, JF needs to handle some things differently.

**NOTE:** Depending on the selected configuration (if you just click 'create codespace' it will create a default configuration one) it might take 20-30 seconds to load all extensions and prepare the environment while VSCode is already open. Just give it some time and wait until you see `Downloading .NET version(s) 7.0.15~x64 ...... Done!` in the output tab.

> **NOTE:** If you want to access the JF instance from outside, like with a WebClient on another PC, remember to set the "ports" in the lower VSCode window to public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If you want to access the JF instance from outside, like with a WebClient on another PC, remember to set the "ports" in the lower VS Code window to public.
```
VS Code is how it's written on their own site
